English documentation of runner. (#8474)
omegaup/omegaup: frontend/www/docs/en-runner.md

> ```
> {
>     'token': 'ABJdfoeKFPer9183409dsfDFPOfkaR834JFDJF='
> }
> ```

If compilation is successful, the service will return a JSON object with a `token` field containing an opaque token, which must be used in subsequent calls to identify the submission.

# /run/

Executes a previously compiled program with a specific _input set_. This call is synchronous and may take a long time (up to the time limit).

### Input

> ```
> {
>     'token': 'ABJdfoeKFPer9183409dsfDFPOfkaR834JFDJF=',
>     'input': 'd41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e'
> }
> ```

*Grader* initially assumes that *Runner* always has the input set. Once the input set is located, *Runner* extracts the language from the previously mentioned opaque token (jejeje :P), and with that information, the *Sandbox* executes the program for each input, recording the standard output and metadata such as whether the execution had an error, as well as the time and memory used. It then builds a JSON object with this information and returns it. After the response is sent, the temporary folder and all generated files are automatically deleted.

> If *Runner* does not have the input set, it returns a JSON object with the appropriate error.

Reviewer: Igual acá puede sonar un poco más directo:
```suggestion
If *Runner* does not detect the input set, it returns a JSON object with the relevant error.
```

Reviewer: También faltan estos pequeños cambios
